= Custom Home Path for ChiliProject

This plugins allows you to redirect users from the ChiliProject home page to any
other path. This might be useful, if you are using ChiliProject as a kind of CMS
and would like to customize the first page, your users will see.

Something similar is traditionally done on http://www.chiliproject.org/ as well
as http://www.redmine.org/ where the home page is in fact a special wiki page.
That however is accomplished by special settings within the web servers, that
are running these sites.


== Usage

After installation (see instructions below) you may go to Adminstration ->
Plugins -> Custom Home Path for ChiliProject - Configure. There you may enter a
path or URL where visitors of your ChiliProject's home page should be redirected
to. This may be something like @/my/page@, @/issues@ or
@/projects/foo/wiki/Start@. After saving the setting, the redirect is
immediately active.

If you want to deactivate the redirect, clear the Path setting.


*Note*: This plugin is not well tested with sub-uri deployments. If you are
running into problems, please report them in the project's issue tracker on
GitHub. We would be happy to fix that.


== Requirements

This plugin aims to be compatible with

* ChiliProject 1.x
* ChiliProject 2.x
* ChiliProject 3.x

If you are running into compatibility issues, please report a bug in the
project's issue tracker.


== Supported Databases

This plugin should work with all database adapters, that are supported by
ChiliProject.


== Installation

The plugin assumes to be installed at

    vendor/plugins/chiliproject_custom_home_path

Please follow the default {plugin installation instructions for
ChiliProject}[https://www.chiliproject.org/projects/chiliproject/wiki/Plugin_Install].

The plugin does not add additional dependencies or migrations. It should be
ready to go, after putting the files into the right places and restarting your
application.


== Deinstallation

Simply remove the plugin's directory from your vendor/plugins directory.


== Development

The plugin ships with some basic test/unit tests. They should work out of the
box, after the plugin was installed properly. You should be able to execute them
with

    rake test:plugins PLUGIN=chiliproject_custom_home_path

If these instructions are insufficient, please open a ticket in the GitHub issue
tracker with information, where you are stuck.


== Licence

(c) 2012 - Gregor Schmidt

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2. See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for
details.
